# Getting Started with CRec

In software development, programmers reuse existing source code to improve their development workflow. However, source code is widely shared via images and videos, like scanned books or online learning video clips. It is time-consuming to manually extract source code and convert into editable code. This extraction can be automated via applying Optical Character Recognition (OCR) techniques. Due to the accuracy of recognizing source code via OCR, programmers have to manually fix lexical and syntax errors for such OCRed source code, i.e., recovering source code from the recognition results of OCR.

CRec is an automatic tool for fixing lexical and syntax errors of OCRed source code in Java programs. The goal of CRec is to make the output pass the compilation and save the time cost of manual modification by developers.

Before running CRec, you need to first configure its runtime environment. Navigate to this folder in the terminal and run this command:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

Please put the OCRed source code that needs to be fixed into the ```./input``` folder, and you can begin to repair:
```
python ./main.py
```

The repair results will be saved in the ```./output``` folder. If exceptions are thrown during the repair process, the corresponding information will be saved in the ```./output/failures``` folder.

We employed [KenLM](https://github.com/kpu/kenlm) to train the n-gram language model used in CRec. The training data come from the source code of two popular Java projects, [Spring Framework](https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-framework) and [Jenkins](https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins), on GitHub. We tokenized the source code with a lexer generated by [ANTLR](https://github.com/antlr/antlr4), resulting in 2,581,606 lines of tokens. The file containing these tokens is saved in ```./tokens.zip```.

To obtain OCRed source code, we generated code images for OCR engines to recognize. We gathered 563 compilable Java source code files from four classic Java textbooks, each with a maximum of 100 lines. Then we wrote a program to convert them into images using six different fonts. To increase realism, we chose one of four gray scale values as the background color and randomly adjusted the rotation angle, brightness, contrast, and saturation of each image. Finally, we produced 563 code images. The collected code, generated code images, and recognition results from seven OCR engines are saved in ```./dataset.zip```.
